diary.md, before:

# Diary

### Teusday the 10th of December, 2024
Finished work on Connect4 proof of concept code.

### Sunday the 8th of December, 2024
Continued work on Connect4 proof of concept code.

### Saturday the 7th of December, 2024
Added transitions and animations to PowerPoint and submitted. Formatted interim report and added work from proof of concept reports. Added foundation code from Connect4 UML. Fixed issues with checkstyle not working, configured it, fix checkstyle errors on all classes.

### Friday the 6th of December, 2024
Finished the powerpoint for submition tomorrrow and started thinking of script.

### Wednesday the 4th of December, 2024
Made a plan for the final stretch. Started work on the rough draft of the presentation and putting together the proof-of-concept reports for the interim report. Formatted diary. 

### Monday the 2nd of December, 2024
Attended final meeting with the supervisor, discussed final submission details, Connect4 proof of concept and presentation. 

### Sunday the 1st of December, 2024
Started work on the Connect4 proof of concept, creating a UML. Made some plans for the interim deadline and prepared for a meeting with my supervisor for tomorrow.

### Thursday the 28th of November, 2024
Completed work on Bandit POC report, writing about the comparison of algorithms from the results table and explaining the code using the UMLs.

### Wednesday the 27th of November, 2024
Used debugger on bandit solver to complete code and ensure everything works as intended. Completed the results table in the report for comparison of algorithms. Updated UML to current code and added to report for explanation of code. 

### Monday the 11th of November, 2024
Continued work on the Bandit Problem report.

### Sunday the 10th of November, 2024
Continued work on the Bandit Problem report.

### Saturday the 9th of November, 2024
Completed the UCB class. Updated the UML to fit the final code. Did more work on the bandit problem report.

### Friday the 8th of November, 2024
Continued work on UML and code for bandit problem proof of concept, completed the E-Greedy class.

### Wednesday the 6th of November, 2024
Continued work on UML and code for bandit problem proof of concept, completed the explore-only and exploit-only classes.

### Tuesday the 5th of November, 2024
Attended meeting with supervisor, discussed UML for bandit problem proof of concept and logistics. 

### Monday the 4th of November, 2024
Started work on the bandit problem proof of concept. Created a rough outline for the bandit problem report. Created a rough UML for the program to ensure the program is planned out properly. Set up a meeting with the supervisor for tomorrow to discuss UML.

### Sunday the 27th of October 2024
Created an empty project to start work on code.

### Saturday the 5th of October 2024
Finished project plan and submitted. 

### Thursday the 3th of October 2024
Continued work on the project plan. Had a meeting with the project supervisor, we discussed the plan.

### Wednesday the 2nd of October 2024
Started work on the project plan. Created a rough template mainly focussing on abstract and risk assessment. Preparing for a meeting tomorrow with a supervisor.

Commit message:

Updated diary and re-formatted report based on marking criteria on moodle

diary.md, after:

# Diary

### Wednesday the 11th of December, 2024
Finished interim report.

### Teusday the 10th of December, 2024
Finished work on Connect4 proof of concept code.

### Sunday the 8th of December, 2024
Continued work on Connect4 proof of concept code.

### Saturday the 7th of December, 2024
Added transitions and animations to PowerPoint and submitted. Formatted interim report and added work from proof of concept reports. Added foundation code from Connect4 UML. Fixed issues with checkstyle not working, configured it, fix checkstyle errors on all classes.

### Friday the 6th of December, 2024
Finished the powerpoint for submition tomorrrow and started thinking of script.

### Wednesday the 4th of December, 2024
Made a plan for the final stretch. Started work on the rough draft of the presentation and putting together the proof-of-concept reports for the interim report. Formatted diary. 

### Monday the 2nd of December, 2024
Attended final meeting with the supervisor, discussed final submission details, Connect4 proof of concept and presentation. 

### Sunday the 1st of December, 2024
Started work on the Connect4 proof of concept, creating a UML. Made some plans for the interim deadline and prepared for a meeting with my supervisor for tomorrow.

### Thursday the 28th of November, 2024
Completed work on Bandit POC report, writing about the comparison of algorithms from the results table and explaining the code using the UMLs.

### Wednesday the 27th of November, 2024
Used debugger on bandit solver to complete code and ensure everything works as intended. Completed the results table in the report for comparison of algorithms. Updated UML to current code and added to report for explanation of code. 

### Monday the 11th of November, 2024
Continued work on the Bandit Problem report.

### Sunday the 10th of November, 2024
Continued work on the Bandit Problem report.

### Saturday the 9th of November, 2024
Completed the UCB class. Updated the UML to fit the final code. Did more work on the bandit problem report.

### Friday the 8th of November, 2024
Continued work on UML and code for bandit problem proof of concept, completed the E-Greedy class.

### Wednesday the 6th of November, 2024
Continued work on UML and code for bandit problem proof of concept, completed the explore-only and exploit-only classes.

### Tuesday the 5th of November, 2024
Attended meeting with supervisor, discussed UML for bandit problem proof of concept and logistics. 

### Monday the 4th of November, 2024
Started work on the bandit problem proof of concept. Created a rough outline for the bandit problem report. Created a rough UML for the program to ensure the program is planned out properly. Set up a meeting with the supervisor for tomorrow to discuss UML.

### Sunday the 27th of October 2024
Created an empty project to start work on code.

### Saturday the 5th of October 2024
Finished project plan and submitted. 

### Thursday the 3th of October 2024
Continued work on the project plan. Had a meeting with the project supervisor, we discussed the plan.

### Wednesday the 2nd of October 2024
Started work on the project plan. Created a rough template mainly focussing on abstract and risk assessment. Preparing for a meeting tomorrow with a supervisor.
